## DRAFT

## Weekly Meeting Minutes  - VistA Adaptive Maintenance
U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Veteran Health Administration


### Meeting Information
| -- | -- |
|:---|:---|
| Meeting Purpose: | To discuss VAM2 weekly status  |
| Date & Time: | May 28, 2019; 4:00 pm – 4:30 pm, Eastern Standard Time |
| Location:	| Skype | 
| Facilitator:	| Nilesh Lal |
| Scribe: | Piyush Thesia |


### Attendance

|  | Attendees |  | Attendees	|  | Attendees |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| x | Richards, Rafael M – VA Business Owner | x | Owsley, Cheryl – VA PM |  | Goode, Robert – VA COR |
|   | Weckesser, Michael – VA CS |  | Fourcade, Joseph – VAEC ISO |  | Wilcox, Tom - AbleVets CIO | 
|  | Lentile, Christy – AbleVets Portfolio Director | x | Dowling, Conor – Caregraf Technical Architect | x | Furoyama, Michael – HRG Technical Lead | 
| x | Lal, Nilesh V. - AbleVets PM | x | Faulkner, David – AbleVets System Security Engineer | x | Akamine, Adam - HRG Developer |
| x | Hill, Kristen A. – Cognosante |  | Begay, Bobbi – VA ISSO  | x | Woodroof, Mandi – AbleVets Technical Writer |
| x | Reindle, Christie – HRG Developer |  | Bedifeh, Pius - ASM Research  | x | Thesia, Piyush – AbleVets Associate Business Analyst |

x = in attendance




### Agenda and Meeting Notes

| ID | Topic: |  |
|:---:|:---|:---|
| 1. | Roll Call | 11 Total |
| 2. | Introductions |  | 
| 3. | Key Points </br> Agenda: </br> 1.	Review screenshots from dev team for inclusion in RiskVision (David / Dev team; 25 minutes) </br> a.	This will finalize our need for relevant screenshots </br> </br> 2.	Initiating scans of mirror software  (Tom / Dev team;  5 minutes) </br> a.	Objective is a report showing ‘clean scan’ for static, Nessus, and Fortify scans </br> b.	Will be performed in an  AbleVets environment </br> c.	Need to coordinate transfer of software to AbleVets environment  (Tom/Mike) </br> | 1)	**Nilesh** did the roll call. </br> </br> 2)	**Piyush** shared the screen, **David** provided details on the Partially Inherited statement; Nilesh provided step by step context for each ATO document being updated based on ISO's guidance. </br> </br> 3)) **Dr. Richards** explained the impact of failure of VAM in regard to ISCP; **Conor** reinforced Dr. Richard's explanation. </br> </br> 4) **Piyush** provided details on the GitHub** </br> </br> 5) **Dr. Richards** provided update on VAEC status </br> </br> 6) **Nilesh** provided his vacation plan update </br> </br> 7) **Cheryl** provided update on her training plan for next week. | 
| 4. |	Next Steps | Work to complete the ATO Documents as per ISO Guidance. |
| 5. | Adjourned: | 4:30 pm |



### Action Items

| ID | Action Item (AI) | AI POC | AI Date | Due Date | Completed Date | Comments |
|:---:|:---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| 1. | AI 1: Update Excel file for ATO status with sub tasks and meaning; also change Appendix A, B, D, F to actual name of the Appendix, color code etc. | Piyush Thesia | 05-28-2019 | 05-29-2019 | - | - | 
| 2. | AI 2: Requested Conor to send email on impact analysis which he explained the call | Conor Dowling | 05-28-2019 | 05-29-2019 | - | - | 
| 3. | AI 3: Update GitHub issues 52-58 | Piyush Thesia | 05-28-2019 | 05-29-2019 | - | - | 





